---
layout: default
title: Use Cases
permalink: /use-cases/
nav_order: 03
parent: Miscellaneous
compliance: 1
---

# Advantages of using Mush

In this list, we've outlined a series of advantages for using Mush:

1. **Standard Shell Scripts**: Files compiled and generated by Mush are standard shell scripts. This means that the process through Mush's compiler can automatically apply best practices and standards to the final artifact, improving code quality and maintainability.

2. **No Dependencies on Mush Core**: Scripts generated by Mush are entirely independent and do not contain any dependencies on the Mush core. This makes them easily distributable without needing to include the Mush framework in the package, simplifying distribution and reducing package size.

3. **Code Transparency**: The final output generated by Mush is human-readable, making it easily understandable for developers. This enhances code transparency and simplifies code comprehension and maintenance.

4. **Code Organization Standards**: Mush promotes code organization following defined standards. This ensures better interoperability among developers from distinct teams, facilitates contributions from third parties, and encourages an environment conducive to open-source contributions.

5. **Low Footprint**: Mush offers a low footprint. Unlike many software tools that require the installation of large dependency libraries even for simple tasks, Mush lets you benefit from an advanced development environment without the need for extensive library installations.

Using Mush provides these advantages, contributing to increased development efficiency, ease of distribution, code understandability, and the promotion of sound development practices.

## More Information

For more concerning Mush, please refer to this [issue](https://github.com/javanile/mush/issues/8).
